And Jehovah answereth Job out of the whirlwind
Who `is' this -- darkening counsel
Gird
Where wast thou when I founded earth? Declare
Who placed its measures -- if thou knowest? Or who hath stretched out upon it a line?"
On what have its sockets been sunk? Or who hath cast its corner-stone?"
In the singing together of stars of morning
And He shutteth up with doors the sea
In My making a cloud its clothing
And I measure over it My statute
And say
Hast thou commanded morning since thy days? Causest thou the dawn to know its place?"
To take hold on the skirts of the earth
It turneth itself as clay of a seal And they station themselves as clothed."
And withheld from the wicked is their light
Hast thou come in to springs of the sea? And in searching the deep Hast thou walked up and down?"
Revealed to thee were the gates of death? And the gates of death-shade dost thou see?"
Thou hast understanding
Where `is' this -- the way light dwelleth? And darkness
That thou dost take it unto its boundary
Thou hast known -- for then thou art born And the number of thy days `are' many!"
Hast thou come in unto the treasure of snow? Yea
That I have kept back for a time of distress
Where `is' this
Who hath divided for the flood a conduit? And a way for the lightning of the voices?"
To cause `it' to rain on a land -- no man
To satisfy a desolate and waste place
Hath the rain a father? Or who hath begotten the drops of dew?"
From whose belly came forth the ice? And the hoar-frost of the heavens
As a stone waters are hidden
Dost thou bind sweet influences of Kimah? Or the attractions of Kesil dost thou open?"
Dost thou bring out Mazzaroth in its season? And Aysh for her sons dost thou comfort?"
Hast thou known the statutes of heaven? Or dost thou appoint Its dominion in the earth?"
Dost thou lift up to the cloud thy voice
Dost thou send out lightnings
Who hath put in the inward parts wisdom? Or who hath given To the covered part understanding?"
Who doth number the clouds by wisdom? And the bottles of the heavens
In the hardening of dust into hardness
Dost thou hunt for a lion prey? And the desire of young lions fulfil?"
When they bow down in dens -- Abide in a thicket for a covert?"
Who doth prepare for a raven his provision
