And it cometh to pass
and I charge Hanani my brother
and I say to them
And the city `is' broad on both sides
and my God putteth it unto my heart
These `are' sons of the province
who are coming in with Zerubbabel
Sons of Parosh: two thousand a hundred and seventy and two."
Sons of Shephatiah: three hundred seventy and two."
Sons of Arah: six hundred fifty and two."
Sons of Pahath-Moab
Sons of Elam: a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Sons of Zattu: eight hundred forty and five."
Sons of Zaccai: seven hundred and sixty."
Sons of Binnui: six hundred forty and eight."
Sons of Bebai: six hundred twenty and eight."
Sons of Azgad: two thousand three hundred twenty and two."
Sons of Adonikam: six hundred sixty and seven."
Sons of Bigvai: two thousand sixty and seven."
Sons of Adin: six hundred fifty and five."
Sons of Ater of Hezekiah: ninety and eight."
Sons of Hashum: three hundred twenty and eight."
Sons of Bezai: three hundred twenty and four."
Sons of Hariph: a hundred `and' twelve."
Sons of Gibeon: ninety and five."
Men of Beth-Lehem and Netophah: a hundred eighty and eight."
Men of Anathoth: a hundred twenty and eight."
Men of Beth-Azmaveth: forty and two."
Men of Kirjath-Jearim
Men of Ramah and Gaba: six hundred twenty and one."
Men of Michmas: a hundred and twenty and two."
Men of Bethel and Ai: a hundred twenty and three."
Men of the other Nebo: fifty and two."
Sons of the other Elam: a thousand two hundred fifty and four."
Sons of Harim: three hundred and twenty."
Sons of Jericho: three hundred forty and five."
Sons of Lod
Sons of Senaah: three thousand nine hundred and thirty."
The priests: sons of Jedaiah: of the house of Jeshua: nine hundred seventy and three;"
sons of Immer: a thousand fifty and two;"
sons of Pashur: a thousand two hundred forty and seven;"
sons of Harim: a thousand and seventeen."
The Levites: sons of Jeshua
The singers: sons of Asaph: a hundred forty and eight."
The gatekeepers: sons of Shallum
The Nethinim: sons of Ziha
sons of Keros
sons of Lebanah
sons of Hanan
sons of Reaiah
sons of Gazzam
sons of Bezai
sons of Bakbuk
sons of Bazlith
sons of Barkos
sons of Neziah
Sons of the servants of Solomon: sons of Sotai
sons of Jaala
sons of Shephatiah
All the Nethinim and the sons of the servants of Solomon `are' three hundred ninety and two."
And these `are' those coming up from Tel-Melah
sons of Delaiah
And of the priests: sons of Habaiah sons of Koz
These have sought their register among those reckoning themselves by genealogy
and the Tirshatha saith to them that they eat not of the most holy things till the standing up of the priest with Urim and Thummim."
All the assembly together `is' four myriads two thousand three hundred and sixty
apart from their servants and their handmaids -- these `are' seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven; and of them `are' singers and songstresses
Their horses `are' seven hundred thirty and six; their mules
camels
And from the extremity of the heads of the fathers they have given to the work; the Tirshatha hath given to the treasure
And of the heads of the fathers they have given to the treasure of the work
And that which the rest of the people have given `is' of gold
And they dwell -- the priests
