`Aleph.' O the happiness of those perfect in the way
O the happiness of those keeping His testimonies
Yea
Thou hast commanded us Thy precepts to keep diligently
O that my ways were prepared to keep Thy statutes
Then I am not ashamed In my looking unto all Thy commands."
I confess Thee with uprightness of heart
Thy statutes I keep
`Beth.' With what doth a young man purify his path? To observe -- according to Thy word."
With all my heart I have sought Thee
In my heart I have hid Thy saying
Blessed `art' Thou
With my lips I have recounted All the judgments of Thy mouth."
In the way of Thy testimonies I have joyed
In Thy precepts I meditate
In Thy statutes I delight myself
`Gimel.' Confer benefits on Thy servant
Uncover mine eyes
A sojourner I `am' on earth
Broken hath my soul for desire Unto Thy judgments at all times."
Thou hast rebuked the cursed proud
Remove from me reproach and contempt
Princes also sat -- against me they spoke
Thy testimonies also `are' my delight
`Daleth.' Cleaved to the dust hath my soul
My ways I have recounted
The way of Thy precepts cause me to understand
My soul hath dropped from affliction
The way of falsehood turn aside from me And with Thy law favour me."
The way of faithfulness I have chosen
I have adhered to Thy testimonies
The way of Thy commands I run
`He.' Show me
Cause me to understand
Cause me to tread in the path of Thy commands
Incline my heart unto Thy testimonies
Remove mine eyes from seeing vanity
Establish to Thy servant Thy saying
Remove my reproach that I have feared
Lo
`Waw.' And meet me doth Thy kindness
And I answer him who is reproaching me a word
And Thou takest not utterly away From my mouth the word of truth
And I keep Thy law continually
And I walk habitually in a broad place
And I speak of Thy testimonies before kings
And I delight myself in Thy commands
And I lift up my hands unto Thy commands
`Zain.' Remember the word to Thy servant
This `is' my comfort in mine affliction
The proud have utterly scorned me
I remembered Thy judgments of old
Horror hath seized me
Songs have been to me Thy statutes
I have remembered in the night Thy name
This hath been to me
`Cheth.' My portion `is' Jehovah; I have said -- to keep Thy words
I appeased Thy face with the whole heart
I have reckoned my ways
I have made haste
Cords of the wicked have surrounded me
At midnight I rise to give thanks to Thee
A companion I `am' to all who fear Thee
Of Thy kindness
`Teth.' Good Thou didst with Thy servant
The goodness of reason and knowledge teach me
Before I am afflicted
Good Thou `art'
Forged against me falsehood have the proud
Insensate as fat hath been their heart
Good for me that I have been afflicted
Better to me `is' the law of Thy mouth Than thousands of gold and silver!"
`Yod.' Thy hands made me and establish me
Those fearing Thee see me and rejoice
I have known
Let
Meet me do Thy mercies
Ashamed are the proud
Those fearing Thee turn back to me
My heart is perfect in Thy statutes
`Kaph.' Consumed for Thy salvation hath been my soul
Consumed have been mine eyes for Thy word
For I have been as a bottle in smoke
How many `are' the days of Thy servant? When dost Thou execute Against my pursuers judgment?"
The proud have digged for me pits
All Thy commands `are' faithfulness
Almost consumed me on earth have they
According to Thy kindness quicken Thou me
`Lamed.' To the age
To all generations Thy faithfulness
According to Thine ordinances They have stood this day
Unless Thy law `were' my delights
To the age I forget not Thy precepts
I `am' Thine
Thy wicked waited for me to destroy me
Of all perfection I have seen an end
`Mem.' O how I have loved Thy law! All the day it `is' my meditation."
Than mine enemies Thy command maketh me wiser
Above all my teachers I have acted wisely. For Thy testimonies `are' my meditation."
Above elders I understand more
From every evil path I restrained my feet
From Thy judgments I turned not aside
How sweet to my palate hath been Thy saying
From Thy precepts I have understanding
`Nun.' A lamp to my foot `is' Thy word
I have sworn
I have been afflicted very much
Free-will-offerings of my mouth
My soul `is' in my hand continually
The wicked have laid a snare for me
I have inherited Thy testimonies to the age
I have inclined my heart To do Thy statutes
`Samech.' Doubting ones I have hated
My hiding place and my shield `art' Thou
Turn aside from me
Sustain me according to Thy saying
Support Thou me
Thou hast trodden down All going astray from Thy statutes
Dross! Thou hast caused to cease All the wicked of the earth; Therefore I have loved Thy testimonies."
Trembled from Thy fear hath my flesh
`Ain.' I have done judgment and righteousness
Make sure Thy servant for good
Mine eyes have been consumed for Thy salvation. And for the saying of Thy righteousness."
Do with Thy servant according to Thy kindness. And Thy statutes teach Thou me."
Thy servant `am' I -- cause me to understand
Time for Jehovah to work! they have made void Thy law."
Therefore I have loved Thy commands Above gold -- even fine gold."
Therefore all my appointments I have declared wholly right
`Pe.' Wonderful `are' Thy testimonies
The opening of Thy words enlighteneth
My mouth I have opened
Look unto me
My steps establish by Thy saying
Ransom me from the oppression of man
Thy face cause to shine on Thy servant
Rivulets of waters have come down mine eyes
`Tzade.' Righteous `art' Thou
Thou hast appointed Thy testimonies
Cut me off hath my zeal
Tried `is' thy saying exceedingly
Small I `am'
Thy righteousness `is' righteousness to the age
Adversity and distress have found me
The righteousness of Thy testimonies `is' to Cause me to understand
`Koph.' I have called with the whole heart
I have called Thee
I have gone forward in the dawn
Mine eyes have gone before the watches
My voice hear
Near have been my wicked pursuers
Near `art' Thou
Of old I have known Thy testimonies
`Resh.' See my affliction
Plead my plea
Far from the wicked `is' salvation
Thy mercies `are' many
Many `are' my pursuers
I have seen treacherous ones
See
The sum of Thy word `is' truth
`Shin.' Princes have pursued me without cause
I do rejoice concerning Thy saying
Falsehood I have hated
Seven `times' in a day I have praised Thee
Abundant peace have those loving Thy law
I have waited for Thy salvation
Kept hath my soul Thy testimonies
I have kept Thy precepts and Thy testimonies
`Taw.' My loud cry cometh near before Thee
My supplication cometh in before Thee
My lips do utter praise
My tongue doth sing of Thy saying
Thy hand is for a help to me
I have longed for Thy salvation
My soul liveth
I wandered as a lost sheep
