I `am' the man `who' hath seen affliction By the rod of His wrath."
Me He hath led
Surely against me He turneth back
He hath worn out my flesh and my skin. He hath broken my bones."
He hath built up against me
In dark places He hath caused me to dwell
He hath hedged me about
Also when I call and cry out
He hath hedged my ways with hewn work
A bear lying in wait He `is' to me
My ways He is turning aside
He hath trodden His bow
He hath caused to enter into my reins The sons of His quiver."
I have been a derision to all my people
He hath filled me with bitter things
And He breaketh with gravel my teeth
And Thou castest off from peace my soul
And I say
Remember my affliction and my mourning
Remember well
This I turn to my heart -- therefore I hope."
The kindnesses of Jehovah! For we have not been consumed
New every morning
My portion `is' Jehovah
Good `is' Jehovah to those waiting for Him
Good! when one doth stay and stand still For the salvation of Jehovah."
Good for a man that he beareth a yoke in his youth."
He sitteth alone
He putteth in the dust his mouth
He giveth to his smiter the cheek
For the Lord doth not cast off to the age."
For though He afflicted
For He hath not afflicted with His heart
To bruise under one's feet any bound ones of earth
To turn aside the judgment of a man
To subvert a man in his cause
Who `is' this -- he hath said
From the mouth of the Most High Go not forth the evils and the good."
What -- sigh habitually doth a living man
We search our ways
We lift up our heart on the hands unto God in the heavens."
We -- we have transgressed and rebelled
Thou hast covered Thyself with anger
Thou hast covered Thyself with a cloud
Offscouring and refuse Thou dost make us In the midst of the peoples."
Opened against us their mouth have all our enemies."
Fear and a snare hath been for us
Rivulets of water go down my eye
Mine eye is poured out
Till Jehovah looketh and seeth from the heavens
My eye affecteth my soul
Hunted me sore as a bird have my enemies without cause."
They have cut off in a pit my life
Flowed have waters over my head
I called Thy name
My voice Thou hast heard
Thou hast drawn near in the day I call Thee
Thou hast pleaded
Thou hast seen
Thou hast seen all their vengeance
Thou hast heard their reproach
The lips of my withstanders
Their sitting down
Thou returnest to them the deed
Thou givest to them a covered heart
Thou pursuest in anger
